it's time to play
[Applause]
[Music]
war is the only game where if you snooze
right so let's find out who I woke up in
the dead of night he is TV's favorite
criminal barrister and frankly I'm lucky
that I'm not behind bars for breaking
and entering into his home of course I
woke up
[Applause]
so Robbie it's very good to see you
again so I woke you up in the mid of the
night on the midnight game show would
you like to share your general feelings
towards me well it's difficult to
describe my contempt and hatred for you
a lot of people enjoy the experience but
it did make you a little bit enraged I
had no idea who you were and because I
didn't have my glasses I thought what's
my auntie Adele doing in my bedroom
[Applause]
[Music]
handsome masculine woman when he went to
bed that I do remember that the
preceding evening yes I've been writing
and I'd had a couple of glasses of
scotch and thought I really need to get
a good night's sleep and I was dead
genuinely dead to the world
you were really I needed to get a good
night's sleep because I had something
I'm quite important to do I saw
yesterday we won't give it away but
actually some people came into your room
that you were incredibly excited to see
you were sure it was happy at that point
but I thought that I was in some very
very surreal Alice in Wonderland dream
yes
I kind of still do it well I have to say
if you were ultimately a great sport are
you ready to watch it grow it is
brilliant I just want an injunction
[Applause]
[Music]
right
[Applause]
will you listen some kind of sleep
no no deep space 9 I'm going to ask you
some questions if you don't what are you
talking questioning my were super fun
okay
you will I believe in South gift that's
right and that is only Piccadilly line
dname stations on the Piccadilly line
cop fosters unit very well in the middle
of night I just woke up no I know how
many jumpers is this jumper
[Applause]
[Laughter]
here we have champion how many jumpers
is that jumper wearing thank you very
much - break okay
we move on to the next game now I'm so
sorry to tell you rob a well-known
celebrity has stolen an item from your
home earlier today I'm now going to call
the defendant accused of this
[Applause]
that is city is accused of burglary and
his defense lawyer is hit with him today
why is to cross examine the defendant
and city and his defense law will answer
either yes or no and yes is through your
questioning
hello 13 did you steal one of my oh yeah
did you steal one of my books have you
nabbed a painting no it's very late it's
a serious crime has been commissioned
did you take it from the kitchen no was
it from the study Oh was in the study
was it a photograph no no was it an
award oh no I haven't got is it an
ornament yes ah
is it a Russian doll by any chance oh
where is this doll I thought sometimes
working there before and I saw fight
joke
[Music]
[Applause]
that's exactly I am going to ask you to
identify the type of ball that I place
in your house now what kind of ball is
that that's a rugby ball or an American
folk that is the correct answer
you're doing very well so far feel the
latest ball is that that's that's your
head you know I can give you some clues
tell me oh god please do about this ball
please this ball is 81 years old 9 balls
is it no there's a nineteen eighties
children's television presenter Oh God
it can't be very balls dad
[Applause]
okay TV themed oh yes I'm going to give
you the title of a show and all you have
to do is remember the theme to that show
we'll start with an easy one
go on Dallas oh yeah okay next up what
theme tune is associated with this
person
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
yes
just be a hero
[Music]
you know I don't hate you anyway I know
this is an incredible work but of all
the game shows of history no one has
ever answered a question by filling in
all the other information
[Music]
[Applause]
they're Johnny's in all right now behind
your window well a mystery window
cleaner all I need you to do is answer
the following questions and a little bit
will be revealed so if you can answer
the following based question there's no
chance I'll get in its nineties pop
group had their seventh number one with
the tracked vitals never forget that was
oh my god there's actually a person
there what can you see I can see it
looks like it's a woman and which
Jamaican rapper released boombastic in
1990 bastok yes I don't know would have
Chyna hey that's the dress
that's what I'm asking you
okay which group released the single
Barbie girl in 1997 I'm a Barbie girl in
a I why would I know that I do this is
anything that happened after 1899 that's
the correct answer
[Applause]
goodnight
[Music]
[Applause]
it's London you okay can you Louise I
love you but could you swap with
[Laughter]
[Applause]
he's still hanging that was fun right no
I mean Sam aguar was exciting to tell me
about what on earth's going on were you
obsessed with Grange I'm mad greatly I
wasn't mad Grange Hill and you've got
this incredible memory if you do his
birthday and everything about yes and
did you see the moment where he got
quite creeped out wanted to he just
literally like get me out of this if I
read okay I remember you know things
about people never be able to forget
this for example you thought Ed Balls
was 80s difficult between balls well
listen you were an absolute may amazing
sport before you go we have actually
made for you a well a court artist has
drawn this
[Applause]
so you must render that and of course
nobody who plays the midnight game show
goes away without their iconic Do Not
Disturb sign to ensure this will never
ever happen again to you
[Applause]
[Music]
you